Updates encryption documentation for SSE-KMS, DSSE-KMS (#480)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: doc/CONFIGURATION.md

### Data encryption

> Amazon S3 supports a number of [server-side encryption types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingEncryption.html). Mountpoint supports buckets that are configured with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3), with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS), or with dual-layer encryption with AWS KMS keys (DSSE-KMS) as the default encryption method. It does not currently support reading objects encrypted with customer-provided keys (SSE-C). Mountpoint does not allow configuring encryption, and you cannot encrypt objects with a different encryption setting than that of the bucket. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon S3 supports a number of [server-side encryption types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingEncryption.html). Mountpoint supports reading and writing to buckets that are configured with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3), with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS), or with dual-layer encryption with AWS KMS keys (DSSE-KMS) as the default encryption method. It does not currently support reading objects encrypted with customer-provided keys (SSE-C). Mountpoint does not allow further configuring encryption, and you cannot encrypt new objects written with Mountpoint using a different encryption setting than the bucket's default.
```
